Release v0.31.0 (#636)
fluxcd/helm-controller: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.31.0

**Release date:** 2023-03-08

This prerelease comes with a number of new features and improvements after a
long period of non-substantial changes.

### Highlights

#### Experimental drift detection

> The controller now supports experimental drift detection, which is enabled by
> configuring the Deployment with `--feature-gates=DetectDrift=true`. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller now supports experimental drift detection, which can be enabled by
configuring the Deployment with `--feature-gates=DetectDrift=true`. This
```
